Room 0

It's inaccessible whitout disabled dogcheck. It's normaly when you launch the game.

Room 1

Inaccessible from the files without disabling dogcheck. Normaly it's the introduction.

Room 2

Inaccessible from the files without disabling dogcheck.

It's normaly the title screen.

Room 3

Inaccessible from the file without disabling dogcheck. It's normaly the start menu.

Room 4

It's where we start to play to undertale :grinning:. Accessible from the files.

Room 5

The room where we meet flowey

Room 6

The ruins entrance and first save point accessible from the files.

Room 7

The first puzzle's room where toriel solve it for us. Accessible from the files

Room 8

It's the room with two interruptors. Accessible from the files.

Room 9

It's the dummy's room, where you can make your first kill or not- it's also the tutorial for the fights. Accessible from the files.

Room 10

It's where you fight froggit and you pass trough a spike's puzzle. Accessible from the files.

Room 11

It's the long corridor where toriel let you walk through it. Accessible from the files.

Room 12

It's where you see the first froggit in the overworld and the second savepoint. Accessible from the files.

Room 13

It's where you can pick up the monster candies :3 accessible from the files

Room 14

It's the room which have some problems on the middle... you have to fall in the room under it to continue. Accessible from the files.

Room 15

Where You have to push the first rock . Accessible from the files.

Room 16

Where you have a labyrinth. Accessible from the files.

Room 17

The room where you meet the talking rock accessible from the files.

Room 18

Checkpoint just before napstablook. Accessible from the files.

Room 19

Napstablook's fight room. Accessible from the files.

Room 20

It's where you can by arachdonut. Accessible from the files.

Room 21

It's the corridor with the 4 froggits (one is in the wall-). Accessible from the files.

Room 22

It's theold ribbon's room. Accessible from the files.

Room 23

It's your first interruptor puzzle. Accessible from the files.

Room 24

The second interruptor puzzle room. Accessible from the files.

Room 25

The third interruptor puzzle room. Accessible from the files.

Room 26

The last interruptor puzzle room. Accessible from the files.

Room 27

It's where you fall when you miss an interruptir puzzle. Accessible from the files.

Room 28

The corridor which is separating: the home entrance, the last interruptor puzzle room and where you find the toy knife. Accessible from the files.

Room 29

It's where you can or go take the toy knife or go to the corridor and continue the adventure. Accessible from the files.

Room 30

It's the toy knife's room. Accessible from the files.

Room 31

Home entrance's checkpoint. Accessible from the files.

Room 32

It's inside the house. It's separating the living room, the corridor to the bedrooms. Accessible from the files.

Room 33

It's the living room. Accessible from the files.

Room 34

It's the corridor separating the bedrooms. Accessible from the files.

Room 35

It's the Toriel's bedroom. Accessible from the files.

Room 36

It's your room. Accessible from the files.

Room 37

It's the kitchen. Accessible from the files.

Room 38

First part of the long corridor which is before the Toriel's fight. Accessible from the files.

Room 39

Second part of the long corridor which is before the Toriel's fight. Accessible from the files.

Room 40

Last part of the corridor which is befire the Toriel's fight. Accessible from the files.

Room 41

The Toriel's fight. Accessible from the files.

Room 42

The long corridor before flowey's judgement. Accessible from the files.

Room 43

The flowey's judgement room. Accessible from the files.

Room 44

The ruins' exit. Accessible from the files.

Room 45

It's where Sans make his first puns in neutral/pacifist run. Accessible from the files.

Room 46

First box checkpoint accessible from the files

Room 47

It's the weird monster's line to have a girl room. Accessible from the files.

Room 48

It's the room where you see a poor "house" made by papyrus. Accessible from the files.

Room 49

Doggo's fight room. Accessible from the files.

Room 50

It's an ice room where you can go up see the snowman, on the right to go to Snowdin. Accessible from the files.

Room 51

It's the snowman's room. Accessible from the files.

Room 52

The electricity maze's room. Accessible from the files.

Room 53

The first appearrence of nice cream guy room. Accessible from the files.

Room 54

It's the house of dogamy and dogaressa room. Accessible from the files.

Room 55

The crossword's room. Accessible from the files.

Room 56

Spaghettis' room woth a checkpoint. Accessible from the files.

Room 57

Dogamy and dogaressa fight room. Accessible from the save file.

Room 58

The first XOXO puzzle's room. Accessible from the files.

Room 59

The room where you can trick the puzzle. Accessible from the files.

Room 60

The room where you find the dr. Alphys's puzzle for the first time and papyrus explain it. Accessible from the files.

Room 61

The room where you see lesser dog trying to make the perfect snowdog, or a mess of snowdog or a tomb in genocide. There is a checkpoint. Accessible from the files.

Room 62

It's where you see the papyrus statue. Accessible from the files.

Room 63

The third XOXO puzzle room. Accessible from the files.

Room 64

It's where you can fight gyfrost. Accessible from the files.

Room 65

It's the glyde's cavern entrance. Accessible from the files.

Room 66

Greater dog's fight room. Accessible from the files.

Room 67

It's just before Snowdin town. Accessiblefrom the files.

Room 68

Snowdin town. Accessible from the files.

Room 69

Where you have the stone and ice wolf. Accessible from the files.

Room 70

It's where you can have the wrong number and riverman poses you. Accessible from the files.

Room 71

It's where you can sleep in snowdin. Accessible from the files.

Room 72

The bedrooms of snowdin. Accessible from the files.

Room 73

It's to grillby's. Accessible from the files.

Room 74

It's in the libraby. Accessible from the files.

Room 75

It's in the papyrus garage. Accessible from the files.

Room 76

It's in the papyrus and Sans's house. Accessible from the files.

Room 77

It's the papyrus's bedroom. Accessible from the files.

Room 78

Inaccessible without disabled the dogcheck.

Room 79

Inaccessible without disabled the dogcheck.

Room 80

Inaccessible without disabled the dogcheck.

Room 81

Papyrus's fight room. Accessible from the files.

Room 82

Cavern of the waterfalls. Accessible from the files.

Room 83

Waterfalls' first checkpoint with Sans and MK. Accessible from the files.

Room 84

It's where you see the falling rocks and an echo flower. Accessible from the files.

Room 85

It's where you find the dusty tutu. Accessible from the files.

Room 86

It's where undyne noticed you for the first time. Accessible from the files.

Room 87

It's the first flower's puzzle from the waterfalls. Accessible from the files.

Room 88

It's the second flowers' puzzle room. Accessible from the files.

Room 89

It's where you can find the abandonned quiche. Accessible from the files.

Room 90

It's where you have the telescope which say "check the wall". Accessible from the files.

Room 91

Goner kid's room accessible from the files

Room 92

It's where undyne is purchasing us for the first time accessible from the files

Room 93

It's where undyne grabs monster kid who was there. Accessible from the filzs

Room 94

Mouse checkpoint accessible from the files

Room 95

Where Sans is waiting you with his telescope accessible from the files.

Room 96

The nice cream guy second location. Accessible from the files.

Room 97

It's a labyrinth, which is joining the ballet shoes and another room.

Room 98

It's where you find the ballets shoes. Accessible from the files.

Room 99

It's the small gap. Accessible from the files.

Room 100

It's the onion san's room. Accessible from the files.

Room 101

It's the shyren's fight room. Accessible from the files.

Room 102

It's the piano's puzzle room. Accessible from the files.

Room 103

It's the "artefact" room. Accessible from the files.

Room 104

It's the statue's room. Accessible from the files.

Room 105

It's where you can take an umbrella. Accessible from the files.

Room 106

It's raining in this room. Accessible from the files.

Room 107

It's a raining corridor where monster kid follow you. Accessible from the files.

Room 108

You can see the asgore's castle. Accessible from the files.

Room 109

It's where you put your imbrella and climb on MK's shoulders. Accessible from the files.

Room 110

There is a checkpoint. It's just before undyne chase you for the second time.

Room 111

It's where undyne chasing you for the second time. Accessible from the files.

Room 112

It's where undyne break the bridge. Accessible from the files.

Room 113

Garbadge dump's room accessible from the files

Room 114

Checkpoint just before mad dummy accessible from the files.

Room 115

Mad dummy's room accessible from the files

Room 116

Checkpoint just after the mad dummy accessible from the files.

Room 117

It's in front of the undyne house. Accessible from the files.

Room 118

It's in the undyne's house. Accessible from the files.

Room 119

It's in front of the hapstablook and napstablook's houses. Accessible from the files.

Room 120

It's in the napstablook's house. Accessible from the files.

Room 121

It's in the hapstablook's house. Accessible from the files.

Room 122

It's the snails' farm. Accessible from the files.

Room 123

Secret room not accessible legally. You need to come in since the files and you will have the creepy smile

Room 124

It's the corridor which is joining the after mad dummy checkpoint and the labyrinth. Accessible from the files.

Room 125

It's where the river person pose you in waterfall. Accessible from the files.

Room 126

It's a corridor with some waterfalls. Accessible from the files.

Room 127

It's the labyrinth which can lead to the temmie village or the end of the waterfalls. Accessible from the files.

Room 128

Tem village. Accessible from the files

Room 129

The labyrinth made of crystal accessible from the files

Room 130

Undyne is stopped by MK when she is about to fight you accessible from the files

Room 131

Checkpoint just before undyne the undying in the genocide path

Room 132

It's where monster kid fall from the bridge and where you fight undyne the undying accessible from the files.

Room 133

The corridor which separate the bridge and where you fight undyne. accessible from the files.

Room 134

It's where you fight undyne. Accessible from the files.

Room 135

It's the corridor which make a cross with the river accessible from the files.

Room 136

It's where you have the panel "welcome from hotland" accessible from the files.

Room 137

It's where you see Sans sleeping while undyne is purchasing you. Accessible from the files.

Room 138

It's where undyne stop chasing you because her armor is too hot. Accessible from the files.

Room 139

It's the first hotland's checkpoint. Accessible from the files.

Room 140

It's the first meeting with the river person. Accessible from the files.

Room 141

It's the alphys's lab, the first floor. Accessible from the files.

Room 142

It's the second floor of the alphys lab. Accessible from the files.

Room 143

It's a corridor which is leading to the magma chamber, it's the first part of the corridor. Accessible from the files.

Room 144

It's your first meeting with vulkin. Accessible from the files.

Room 145

It's the magma chamber. Accessible from the files.

Room 146

It's the frying pant's room. Accessible from the files.

Room 147

It's the first lasers' room. Accessible from the files.

Room 148

It's the first puzzles' series' room. Accessible from the files.

Room 149

It's the impassable blue laser room. Accessible from the files.

Room 150

It's the puzzle of the impassable blue laser room. Accessible from the files.

Room 151

It's the businessmen's puzzle entrance. Accessible from the files.

Room 152

It's the businessmen puzzle's room. Accessible from the files.

Room 153

It's the corridor just before the cooking show. Accessible from the files.

Room 154

It's the cooking show's room. Accessible from the files.

Room 155

It's the corridor which leading to the elevator right one. You can also see the core. Accessible from the files.

Room 156

It's the rught elevator first floor. You can also meet the Gaster follower 2 with the fun value 61. Accessible from the files.

Room 157

It's the right elevator two. Accessible from the files.

Room 158

It's the Sans's illegal hotdog stand's room. Accessible from the files.

Room 159

It's the corridor which joining: the so sorry's fight, the dark man's room and the big puzzle's room. Accessible from the files.

Room 160

The so sorry's fight room. Accessible from the files.

Room 161

It's the stain apron and the dark man's room. Accessible from the files.

Room 162

It's the interruptors' puzzle's room. Accessible from the files.

Room 163

It's the big airvents' puzzle room. Accessible from the files.

Room 164

It's the hotland mouse's checkpoint. Accessible from the files.

Room 165

The corridor where you fight royal guards one and two. Accessible from the files.

Room 166

It's the bombs' mini game room. Accessible from the files.

Room 167

It's the corridor just before the elevatore two left. Accessible from the files.

Room 168

It's the entrance of the elevator two left. Accessible fromthe files.

Room 169

It's the entrance of the elevator three left. Accessible from the files.

Room 170

It's where muffet seal her food. Accessible from the files

Room 171

It's the riom wvich joining two puzzles' rooms, one up the other down. Accessible from the files.

Room 172

It's the down puzzle's entrance's room. Accessible from the files.

Room 173

It's the down puzzle's room. Accessible from the files.

Room 174

It's the up puzzle's entrance's room. Accessible from the files.

Room 175

It's the up puzzle's room. Accessible from the files.

Room 176

It's the checkpoint juste before the muffet's fight. Accessible from the files.

Room 177

It's the muffet's fight room. Accessible from the files.

Room 178

It' the corridor which joining mettaton's perform room and the muffet's fight room. Accessible from the files.

Room 179

It's where mettaton perform. Accessible from the files.

Room 180

It's the second doctor alphys's puzzle room. Accessible from the files.

Room 181

You can see nice cream guy and the royals guards 1 & 2 together in this room. Accessible from the files.

Room 182

It's in front of the mtt resort. Accessible from the files.

Room 183

It's the middle or the mtt resort you can access to the bedrooms, the burgerpants shop, the restaurant etc. Accessible from the files.

Room 184

It's the restaurant. Accessible from the files.

Room 185

It's the bedrooms doors. Accessible from the files.

Room 186

It's your bedroom in the mtt resort. Accessible from the files.

Room 187

It's the elevator right three. Accessible from the files.

Room 188

It's the core entrance. Accessible from the files.

Room 189

It's in front of the direct elevator to the mettaton's fight. Accessible from the files.

Room 190

It's the room which is on the right when you enter in the core. Accessible from the files.

Room 191

It's the first madjick fight's room. Accessible from the files.

Room 192

It's where alphys give you the order to move until the last laser because for herit was orange, orange and blue. Accessible from the files.

Room 193

It's a crossroad before the first knight knight fight's room. Accessible from the files.

Room 194

It's the first knight knight fight's room. Accessible from the files.

Room 195

It's where alphys can't control right now the lasers. Accessible from the files.

Room 196

It's where you can take differents ways, because it's a crossroad. Accessible from the files.

Room 197

It's the first part of the left corridor in the core. Accessible from the files.

Room 198

It's the room in front of the last puzzle's room of the core. Accessible from the files.

Room 199

It's the third part of the center corridor from the core. Accessible from the files.

Room 200

It's another crossroad. Accessible from the files.

Room 201

It's the third part of the right corridor. Accessible from the files.

Room 202

It's the second part of the right corridor. Accessible from the files.

Room 203

It's thefirst part of the right corridor. Accessible from the files.

Room 204

It's the second part of the center corridor. Accessible from the files.

Room 205

It's the last puzzle of the core. Accessible from the files.

Room 206

It's where you can take a glamgurber in a trash can. Accessible from the files.

Room 207

It's where you can take 100 gold in a trash can. Accessible from the files.

Room 208

It's where you can reactivate the elevator of the core. Accessible from the files.

Room 209

It's the corridor just before the mtt fight. Accessible from the files.

Room 210

It's the checkpoint just before the mtt fight.Accessible from the files.

Room 211

It's the mtt fight's room. Accessible from the files.

Room 212

It's the corridor leading to the elevator of the exit of the core. Accessible from the files.

Room 213

It's in the hotland elevator. Accessible from the files.

Room 214

It's the left one elevator. Accessible from the files.

Room 215

It's in the long elevator bringing you to new home.

Room 216

The first part of the corridor which joung the mettaton's fight room and new home. Accessible from the files.

Room 217

It's the first part of the corridor to go to new home. You can access to an elevator to the room 230 on the left. Accessible from the files.

Room 218

It's thesecond part of the long corridor to new home. Accessible from the files.

Room 219

It's the new home entrance. Accessible from the files.

Room 220

It's in the new home, it's the room which joining the kitchen and the bedrooms. Accessible from the files.

Room 221

It's the new home's living room. Accessible from the files.

Room 222

It's the bedroom corridor. Accessible from the files

Room 223

It's the Asgore's bedroom. Accessible from the files.

Room 224

It's the chara and asriel's bedroom. Accessible from the files.

Room 225

It's the new home's kitchen. Accessible from the files.

Room 226

It's the first part of the long corridor which joining new home and the judgement hall. Accessible from the files.

Room 227

It's the second part of the corridor which joining new home and the judgement hall. Accessible from the files.

Room 228

It's the first corner of the corridor which joining new home and the judgement hall. Accessible from the files.

Room 229

It's the second corner of the corridor which joining new home and the judgement hall. Accessible from the files.

Room 230

It's the last part of the long corridor which joining new home and the judgement hall. You can join the room 217 with an elevator. Accessible from the files.

Room 231

Judgment hall accessible from the file. In genocide it's the Sans's fight.

Room 232

It's the throne's room entrance. Accessible from the files.

Room 233

It's the corridor which leading to the seven coffins. Accessible from the files.

Room 234

It's theseven coffins' room. Accessible from the files.

Room 235

It's the throne's room. Accessible from the files.

Room 236

It's the room just before the Asgore's fight. Accessible from the files.

Room 237

It's the Asgore's fight room and the barrier. Accessible from the files.

Room 238

It's the surface exit's room. Accessible from the files.

Room 239

It's the neutral run credits. It's normally accessible after you reached the surface alone in the neutral run. But you can't reach it from the files whitout disabled dogcheck.

Room 240

Inaccessible without disabled the dogcheck.

Room 241

Black screen and everyone see the sunset. Inaccessible whitout disabled dogcheck.

Room 242

It's the elevator to go in the true lab. Accessible from the files.

Room 243

Elevator lost power and true lab entrance. Accessible from the files.

Room 244

Elevator room. Accessible from the files.

Room 245

Five first entries corridor. Accessible from the files.

Room 246

Main true lab's elevator room. Accessible from the files.

Room 247

Entry six's corridor. Accessible from the files.

Room 248

Memoryhead's fight and where you can find the red key room. Accessible from the files.

Room 249

Red key's slot's room. Accessible from the files.

Room 250

Corridor of the entries number 12 and 13. Accessible from the files.

Room 251

True lab's bedroom. Accessible from the files.

Room 252

It's the reaper bird's fight room. Accessible from the files.

Room 253

It's the blue key's slot's room. Accessible from the files.

Room 254

It's the corridor which joining the endogeny's fight's room, the lemon bread's fight room and where you find the green key. Accessible from the files.

Room 255

It's where you find the green key. Accessible from the files.

Room 256

It's the lemon bread and dt extractor's room. Accessible from the files.

Room 257

It's the yellow key's slot's room. Accessible from the files.

Room 258

It's the snowdrake's mother's fight's room. Accessible from the files.

Room 259

It's the green key's slot's room. Accessible from the files.

Room 260

It's endogeny's fight's room. Accessible from the files.

Room 261

It's in the True lab's main elevator. Accessible from the files.

Room 262

The corridor to the end of the true lab accessible normaly from the files

Room 263

The elevator's power room accessible from the files

Room 264

Entry number 17 or also called the lost entry. Accessible from the files.

Room 265

Glyde's cavern, last room accessible from the files.

~the rooms which are below this message are inaccessible whitout disabled the dogcheck. And i will remember this to you for every rooms even if it's annoying~

Room 266

Dogroom. Inaccessible whitout disabled dogcheck.

Room 267

A loudly noise of an foe dying. Inaccessible whitout disabled dogcheck.

Room 268

It's the fake corridor from the waterfalls. You can have it with the fun value 66 but not without disabled dogcheck.

Room 269

It's the mystery man's room. You can have it with the fun value 66 but not without disabled dogcheck.

Room 270

Soundtest room. Accessible with the fun value 65 but not without disabled the dogcheck.

Room 271

Test dialogues monster and messy sprites. Inaccessible whitout disabled dogcheck.

Room 272

Redacted room with a mysterious sprite- inaccessible whitout disabled dogcheck

Room 273

Four bridges of flowers hidden in shrub don't go down or it will crash your game. It's lead to the room 274. Inaccessible whitout disabled dogcheck.

Room 274

Walking lava trip but don't interact with them. Game over music playing. Inaccessible whitout disabled dogcheck.

Room 275

Walk in any direction forever with unsettling ambience. You can't leave. Inaccessible whitout disabled dogcheck.

Room 276

A frpggit fight with acid tips. The game will crash after few seconds. Inaccessible whitout disabled dogcheck.

Room 277

Empty black room you can walk around in. Can't leave. Inaccessible whitout disabled dogcheck.

Room 278

True pacifist ending credit the beguinning. Accessible after finished the scene witht everyone watching the sunset. Inaccessible whitout disabled dogcheck.

Room 279

Papyrus and Sans on the road in the credits. Surprisingly doesn't crash like all of the other endanims. Softlocks on static before end credits. So, no, you can't cheat the true ending. Eventually the game will run out of memory and crash. Inaccessible whitout disabled dogcheck.

Room 280

Beach credit and the game crash. Inaccessible whitout disabled dogcheck.

Room 281

Crashes loading the credit's mettaton concert. Inaccessible whitout disabled dogcheck.

Room 282

Crashes loading the credit's school animation. Inaccessible whitout disabled dogcheck.

Room 283

Crashes trying to load the sprite for Mt. Ebbot fading from green to brown. Inaccessible whitout disabled dogcheck.

Room 284

Literally freezes your game. Inaccessible whitout disabled dogcheck.

Room 285

The ending cutscene for true pacifist if you stayed with Toriel. Then Chara looks at the screen and goes to 286. Inaccessible whitout disabled dogcheck.

Room 286

The genocide-tainted true pacifist "THE END" screen. Unsettling music and all. Inaccessible whitout disabled dogcheck.

Room 287

Every single sprite in the game! And Undyne's face! And a 0. I honestly don't know why this room would exist. After every sprite gives you a seizure, the 0 starts counting. Inaccessible whitout disabled dogcheck.

Room 288

Joystick configuration. Inaccessible whitout disabled dogcheck.

Room 289

Dancing Migosp bug. Below is joystick configuration. Inaccessible whitout disabled dogcheck.

Room 290

The "corrupted" title screen for Flowey's fight. It's accessible after beat once Asgore but Inaccessible whitout disabled dogcheck.

Room 291

Same as above. Inaccessible whitout disabled dogcheck.

Room 292

Flowey's continue screen it's accessible after your game crashed after beat asgore. Inaccessible whitout disabled dogcheck

Room 293

You walking to the save point before fighting Omega Flowey. Accessible after launched again the game normaly. Crashes if you speed through with debug mode. Inaccessible whitout disabled dogcheck.

Room 294

The Omega Flowey fight room accessible when you proceed normally with dialogues etc. It crashes your game if you come in from the files. Inaccessible whitout disabled dogcheck.

Room 295

##########################################################

##################################

FATAL ERROR in action number 1 of Create Event for object obj_f_frasier: global variable floss(100148, -2147483648) not set before reading it. at gml_Object_obj_f_frasier_Create_0

##########################################################

################################## ..... Inaccessible whitout disabled dogcheck.

Room 296

Layout for the Hotland call trigger points. Walking forward will crash your game once you get the call. Going below will crash your game as it attempts to load Omega Flowey. There are the steam jumpers from Hotland that you can hop on. There is an exit to the right, but it will crash your game. Inaccessible without disabled dogcheck.

Room 297

A similar look to the end of the room in 298. Going to the right crashes your game. A conveyor belt leads you to another pathway exit. This also crashes your game. Falling off the edge puts you in room 298. Inaccessible without disabled dogcheck.

Room 298

Er. Dog food. Sadly, it's dry. A conveyor belt leads you to a line of corner pathway tiles and a small hollow square shape. There's an echo flower you can interact with that says "Error!" This is probably a test room to see if the switch interaction while on a conveyor belt in hotland worked. Inaccessible whitout disabled dogcheck.

Room 299

Ice sliding physics test room. Can't leave. Inaccessible whitout disabled dogcheck.

Room 300

Oh look. A bowl of rock candy. Walking to the left crashes your game. Inaccessible whitout disabled dogcheck.

Room 301

The test game for ball. There is no hole. You can push the snowball around forever, or until it gets stuck. It will infinitely grow. Can't leave. Inaccessible whitout disabled dogcheck.

Room 302

Behold! A crash! Inaccessible whitout disabled dogcheck.

Room 303

Start here and end at 305. Going to the left will crash your game. Go right. This is one of the last "test" rooms. Or just a little nod to you cheating. The Orange smiling monster and the bunny with his arms crossed, both from Snowdin, are here. There is no music. There's also a sign here, but it's actually an echo flower with an incorrect sprite. You can tell by talking to either one of the NPC's and seeing the sign repeat it. There are bridge tiles you can walk through. Inaccessible whitout disabled dogcheck.

Room 304

A crystal, and an NPC from Hotland that tells you that he wants to know what's in the room to the right, which is room 305. Inaccessible whitout disabled dogcheck.

Room 305

Flicker of a fading Amalgate. Then you're softlocked. You've been trolled. Inaccessible whitout disabled dogcheck

Room 306

Unknown. Inaccessible whitout disabled dogcheck.

Room 307

The cutscene that plays when you first encounter Flowey in the ruins. Toriel will intervene and you'll exit the cutscene. Unless you have debug mode and can turn off collisions, you're going to be stuck. Inaccessible whitout disabled dogcheck.

Room 308

Uh. Spears. Little white dot in the top left. I guess that's interesting. Can't leave. Inaccessible whitout disabled dogcheck.

Room 309

First event of the froggits talking to you when you're walking to Asgore. You can move around freely, but you're stuck here. Pressing enter loops it. Inaccessible whitout disabled dogcheck.

Room 310

Game over screen, you haveit when your hp are to 0. If you disabled the dogcheck and go there your game will crash.

Room 311

Snowdin shop. Inaccessible whitout disabled dogcheck.

Room 312

Gerson shop. Inaccessible whitout disabled dogcheck.

Room 313

Bratty and catty shop. Inaccessible whitout disabled dogcheck.

Room 314

Burgerpant shop. Inaccessible whitout disabled the dogcheck.

Room 315

Temmie shop. Inaccessible whitout disabled dogcheck.

Room 316

A hall with absolutely no collision. You can't leave. Inaccessible whitout disabled dogcheck.

Room 317

Papyrus hangout. Proceeds as normal. Accessible when you talk to him after beat him when you do the things normally but not from the files. Inaccessible whitout disabled dogcheck.

Room 318

Alphys date. It will proceed as normal and you'll end up where you normally would afterwards. You can go through this room whenyou talk to alphys when you have the undyne letter. But not from the files directely. Inaccessible whitout disabled dogcheck.

Room 319

It's where you can kill or spare flowey after beating photoshop flowey. Inaccessible whitout disabled dogcheck.

Room 320

True pacifist Flowey telling you about the true reset. You can true reset after this as well. Continuing just puts you back in the cutscene. Inaccessible whitout disabled dogcheck.

Room 321

Completely black room. Walk around. You can't leave. Inaccessible whitout disabled dogcheck.

Room 322

Congratulations! Your game instantly closes. Inaccessible whitout disabled dogcheck.

Room 323

What happens if you pick "Gaster" as your name? Inaccessible whitout disabled dogcheck.

Room 324

You've destroyed the world. Good job. Inaccessible whitout disabled dogcheck.

Room 325

"Undertale by Toby Fox" spiel, then you exit the ruins. Inaccessible whitout disabled dogcheck.

Room 326

Invalid room number dog. Which is what you'll get for any code above 264 if you don't disable dogcheck. Accessible from the files.

Room 327

Mettaton waves at you forever. Inaccessible whitout disabled dogcheck.

Room 328

Very glitchy true pacifist scene. Sprites are colored incorrectly and the game will crash after Flowey appears and finishes talking. Inaccessible whitout disabled dogcheck.

Room 329

Encouraging monsters. You're softlocked, reset. Inaccessible whitout disabled dogcheck.

Room 330

Asriel. (Flowey just after he's absorbed all of the souls. At the credits, the game will softlock on the static sprite. You dirty hacker.) Inaccessible whitout disabled dogcheck.

Room 331

Asriel crying. etc. game softlocks at credits. Inaccessible whitout disabled dogcheck.

Room 332

Asriel walking with Frisk cutscene. Afterwards you go back into the second stage of the Asriel Dreemurr fight. Credit softlock. Inaccessible whitout disabled dogcheck.

Room 333

Asriel shakes his head infinitely, then starts bouncing around, and your heart sprite is glitched. You can't do anything here. If you're in debug mode, making him attack will cause the game to crash. No sound. Inaccessible whitout disabled dogcheck.

Room 334

You get to stare at Asriel Dreemurr stage 2 forever. No sound. Nothing happens. Inaccessible whitout disabled dogcheck.

Room 335

Dog Shrine! This is the most recent addition to Undertale. Inaccessible whitout disabled dogcheck.

The end~